---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy - aura:pureplay
permalink: /privacy/pureplay/
---

## Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to the **aura:pureplay** app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by **ochotona-studio** (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Freemium service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

### Information Collection and Use
The Application collects information when you download and use it. This information may include:
* Your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address)
* The pages of the Application that you visit, the time and date of your visit, and time spent on those pages
* The operating system and device model you use on your mobile device

**Note on Location:** The Application **does not** gather precise real-time information about the location of your mobile device. Approximate location information (via IP address) may be used by third-party services (AdMob) to provide relevant advertisements.

**Specific Permissions for Music Playback:**
To provide its core function of playing local music files, the Application requests access to your device's **Media Library (Storage)**. This data is processed only on your device and is not transmitted to the Service Provider's servers.

### Personally Identifiable Information
For a better experience, the Service Provider may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to:
* **Advertising ID**
* **IP Address**
* **Device model & OS version**
* **App usage statistics**
* **Media Library Access Details** (For local playback only)

### Third Party Access
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in improving the Application. The Application utilizes the following third-party services:
* **[AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)**

### Data Retention Policy
The Service Provider will retain automatically collected information for as long as you use the Application. Since the Application does not have a login system, no personal user-account data is stored on the Service Provider's servers.

### Children
The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If it is discovered that such information has been provided, it will be immediately deleted.

### Security
The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information and provides procedural safeguards to protect the data processed.

### Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. You are advised to consult this page regularly for any changes.

**Effective Date:** 2026-01-28

### Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, please contact the Service Provider via email at **by.ochotona@gmail.com**.

---
*This privacy policy page was generated by App Privacy Policy Generator and refined for aura:pureplay.*
